[CAM-8437] Review and update Examples > Deploy a Box API documentation (#137)
CenturyLinkCloud/APIDocs: Examples/deploy-a-box.md

"author": "",
"date": "12-26-2018",
"author": "Virginia Sierra",
"attachments": [],
"contentIsHTML": false,
"keywords": ["api", "example", "authentication", "deployment", "box", "MongoDB", "Box", "Instance", "Terminate" ]
}}}

## Overview

This guide shows **how to deploy a mongoDB instance using the Cloud Application Manager API**. In this sample, we deploy a MongoDB instance using the existing MongoDB public box, the steps you need are:

 * [Authenticate with Cloud Application Manager](#authenticate-with-cloud-application-manager)
 * [Declare Deployment Arguments](#declare-deployment-arguments)
 * [Register a Provider in Cloud Application Manager](#register-a-provider-in-cloud-application-manager)
 * [Create a Deployment Policy Box](#create-a-deployment-policy-box)
 * [Deploy a MongoDB Instance](#deploy-a-mongodb-instance)
 * [Terminate the Instance](#terminate-the-instance)

**Note:** We use cURL commands to send HTTP requests to the API objects in JSON. JSON is the required format for all API requests and responses.

Now let’s look at the script in sections to understand how you can make API calls from any code you like.

## Authenticate with Cloud Application Manager

> First of all, you are Administrator on your own workspace, otherwise you must obtain [Administrator access](https://www.ctl.io/knowledge-base/cloud-application-manager/administering-your-organization/admin-access/) to Cloud Application Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, you should be Administrator on the target workspace or have [Administrator access](https://www.ctl.io/knowledge-base/cloud-application-manager/administering-your-organization/admin-access/) to your organization in Cloud Application Manager. 
```

> Before calling to the API you have to sig in into the Cloud Application Manager website and [get an authentication token](https://www.ctl.io/api-docs/cam/#getting-started). You will use this token as a http header to perform every call to the Cloud Application Manager API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before calling to the API you have to log in into the Cloud Application Manager website and [get an authentication token](https://www.ctl.io/api-docs/cam/#getting-started). You will use this token later as an http header to perform every call to the Cloud Application Manager API.
```

## Declare Deployment Arguments

Next variables are set with script calling parameters. This way, each time you run the script, you can pass different deployment arguments. These declared variables are referenced later in your script as request parameter values.

| Variable |     Type    |  Description  |
|----------|-------------|---------------|
| provider_key<br>provider_secret | string | We will need the provider account key and secret to register a provider.<br>See below how to [register a provider](#Register-a-Provider-in-Cloud-Application-Manager) and get its parameters. |
| json_web_token | string | This is the [authentication token](#Authenticate-with-Cloud-Application-Manager) obtained before.<br>An example is *eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJvcGVyYb25z...* |
| environment | string | Set your URL organization hostname or your appliance IP, where API calls are sent.<br>Examples are:  *your-organization.cam.ctl.io*, *centurylink.cam.ctl.io*,  *192.168.1.10*. |
| owner | string | Specify the user ID in Cloud Application Manager who owns the provider account. |
| username | string | Name of the admin user. |

> | password | string | Password ofr the admin user. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| password | string | Password of the admin user. |
```

> Start your script with next lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start your script with the following lines:
```

```
# Deployment common variables
provider_key=$1
provider_secret=$2

json_web_token=$3
environment=$4
owner=$5

username=$6
password=$7
```

There are other variables obtained during the script execution and necessary in next script steps.

| Variable |     Type    | Description |
|----------|-------------|-------------|

> | provider_id | Obtained when registering a provider. |

Reviewer: Type is missing in all these variables

| policy_box_id | Obtained when creating a deployment policy box. |
| instance_id | Obtained when deployin a box instance. |

## Register a Provider in Cloud Application Manager

A provider is a public or private cloud account you can register in Cloud Application Manager. 

To register a provider we send a POST request to the [Provider object](https://www.ctl.io/api-docs/cam/#cam-platform-providers-api) with the required parameters.

In this case, we choose to create an AWS as provider in the appliance. From the AWS account credentials we will need the key and the secret right now. Creating it in an organization service requires ARN code as credential. You can obtain the required parameters for other providers in [Provider object](https://www.ctl.io/api-docs/cam/#cam-platform-providers-api) API doc.

If there’s an error registering the provider, we output the error. Else, we output the provider ID and save it in *provider_id* variable.

> Add next lines to your script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following lines to your script:
```

    -H "elasticbox-release:4.0" \
    -A "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_6_8) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/12.0.742.112 Safari/534.30" \
    -H "Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*" \
    -H "Accept-encoding: gzip, deflate" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "$payload" https://$environment/services/providers)
provider_id=$(echo $provider | python -c 'import json,sys; print json.load(sys.stdin)["id"]')
if [ -z != $provider_id ]; then
    echo "Created provider $provider_id"
else
    echo "Error creating the provider: $provider"
fi;
```

### Create a Deployment Policy Box

A deployment policy box is where you specify settings to deploy applications in a specific virtual environment.

To create a deployment policy box we send a POST request to the [Box object](https://www.ctl.io/api-docs/cam/#application-lifecycle-management-boxes-api) with the provider ID obtained when registering the provider in the *provider_id* variable. 

If there’s an error in creating the deployment policy box, we output the error. Else, we output the created deployment policy box ID and save it in *policy_box_id* variable.

> Add next lines to your script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following lines to your script:
```

### Deploy a MongoDB Instance

To deploy a MongoDB instance using the existing MongoDB public box, we send a POST request to the [Instances object](https://www.ctl.io/api-docs/cam/#application-lifecycle-management-instances-api) with the box ID of the MongoDB box  *mongo_box_id* variable and the policy box ID obtained when creating the policy box in the *policy_box_id* variable.

If there’s an error deploying instance, we output the error. Else, we output the deployed instance ID and save it in *instance_id* variable.

> Add next lines to your script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following lines to your script:
```
